| Key          | Value                                                            |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 27/02/24                                                         |
| Time:        | 14.45-15.30                                                      |
| Location:    | Flux Hall B                                                      |
| Chair        | Billy                                                            |
| Minute Taker | Esther                                                           |
| Attendees:   | Paras Khan, Esther Wit, Lasse Geurts, Billy Runne, Maurits Sloof |

Agenda Items
-
- Opening by chair (1 min)

- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (1 min) 
  - Paras: doing well, trying to catch up IDM & Linear Algebra 
  - Maurits: same as Paras 
  - Esther: fine, although last week was though 
  - Lasse: same as the others 
  - Billy: also mainly focused on OOPP

- Announcements by the team (1 min)

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
  - None 
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (2 min)
    - Have the tasks from last week been done? (1 min)
      - checkstyle fixed 
      - meeting schedule fixed 
      - started on database ed. 

- What did we work on? 
  - Paras: worked on mapping of the database (ER diagram), also checking rubrics 
  - Maurits: worked on language support on the client-side, making it 
  - Esther: worked on tags for the expenses and code of conduct 
  - Billy: mapped classes to the database, fixed last-activity and tests of participant and event 
  - Lasse: Expense class and creation of currency class

- Announcements by the TA (3 min)
  - in case of failure of knock-out criteria an e-mail will be sent tomorrow 
  - Git assignment should be finished by friday
  - Text via mattermost TA if you want your repository to be reset 

- Presentation of the current app to TA (5 min)
  - presentation of mapping database and ER diagram 
  - language live language switch 


- Questions for TA (5 min)
    - What counts as an approval of a merge request?
      - You need to press approve a merge request (and of course really review it by leaving comments etc.)
    - Should our meeting on Mondays also feature a chair, minute taker etc.?
      - Scrum master should lead the meeting 
      - nice to have someone responsible for the week 
    - Backlog, section about the open debts?
      - you can assume that people will be honest about debts 
      - you need to be able to link to another app that can handle bank transfers 
      - Specific debt class is fine if you can justify your implementation
    - Milestone?
      - collection of issues what requires it to go to the next iteration
      - basic application working around the midterm 
    - Cent issue, can we keep it randomized? 
      - fine, but we need to document it somewhere 
    - Scrum planning 
      - in beginning there is some leniency for time estimates
      - still okay if it is not perfectly estimated but try to do the best possible 

- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - Milestone for this week (5 min)
      - basic front-end client window (1st priority): event overview page
      - creation of endpoints
  - Additional points for Code of Conduct (10 min)
      - Planning: how do want to work on tasks that are not an assignment? 
        - milestones 
        - issues: put in a due date 
        - merge request: 
          - review within 1 day 
          - assign to someone, rest can comment as well 
          - it makes sense that the reviewer works on the same side front-end / back-end 
          - 1/2 approval is fine, unless it really large 
      - communication 
        - Whatsapp: post merge request
      - consequences 
        - talk about it afterward
        - progressive penalty-system 
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (5 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
  - evenly distributed the time between us all 
  - discussed (almost) all we wanted to discuss 
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
  - Most got done, only missed a bit of time for the code of conduct 
  - Milestone was longer 
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
  - Question to TA: knock-out criteria -> you can repair the next week
  - client side: there some tools, you can drag- and drop
  - GitHub co-pilot: you still need to be aware of what you are doing (thus not fraud)
- Closure (1 min) 


Action Points
- TO DO Esther: next meeting new agenda template 
- TO DO Paras: create milestone in git 
- TO DO for all that want: GitHub co-pilot installment 
- TO DO all: read through code of conduct and give response 
- TO DO all: discuss consequences and other point of code of conduct
